Update vtop README file for MySQL 80 (#9284)
vitessio/vitess: examples/operator/README.md

kubectl apply -f operator.yaml

# Bring up initial cluster and commerce keyspace

> # NOTE: If you are using MySQL 8 update images section of with `-mysql80` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NOTE: If you are using MySQL 8 update images sections with `-mysql80` tag.
```
